adding pkce link, em dash clean up, sample code na removed, other nits (#2887)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/add-an-external-idp/main/saml2/appidpinokta.md

> * **Name**: Enter the name that you would expect to see on a button, such as **Sign in with <StackSelector snippet="idp" noSelector inline /> 2.0**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Name**: Enter the name that you would expect to see on a button, such as **Sign in with <StackSnippet snippet="idp" inline /> 2.0**.
```
